Square/v1 (#540)
stitchdata/docs: _saas-integrations/square/v1/square-v1.md

#       Stitch Details       #
# -------------------------- #

certified: true 

historical: "1 year"
frequency: "1 hour"
tier: "Free"

api-type: "platform.square"

anchor-scheduling: true
cron-scheduling: true

extraction-logs: true
loading-reports: true

table-selection: true
column-selection: true

# attribution-window: "# days"
# attribution-is-configurable: 

# setup-name: ""

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.

# -------------------------- #
#      Incompatibilities     #
# -------------------------- #

## uncomment section below if integration is compatible with any Stitch destinations
## if incompatible with multiple destinations, create a section for each destination

## incompatible:
  ## [redshift]: "always,sometimes,never"
  ## reason: "copy" 

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: ""
  - item: ""

> requirements-info:

Reviewer: Take these out if there aren't any requirements.

setup-steps:
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. Check the **Connect to a sandbox environment** if choosing to connect to your {{ integration.display_name }} sandbox.
  - title: "historical sync"
  - title: "replication frequency"

>   - title: "Authorizing Stitch to Access Square"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - title: "Authorize Stitch to access {{ integration.display_name }}"
```

    anchor: "authorize-stitch"
    content: |

>       Lastly, you'll be directed to Square's website to complete the setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Lastly, you'll be directed to {{ integration.display_name }}'s website to complete the setup.
```

>       1. Enter your Square credentials and click **Login**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. Enter your {{ integration.display_name }} credentials and click **Login**.
```
